RHEL 8 & iOS client instructions for #164 (#167)
angristan/wireguard-install: README.md

Run the script again to add or remove clients!

## Configure clients

### RHEL 8

Install the necessary packages:

```
sudo dnf install https://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/epel-release-latest-8.noarch.rpm https://www.elrepo.org/elrepo-release-8.el8.elrepo.noarch.rpm
sudo dnf install dnf-plugins-core
sudo dnf config-manager --enable elrepo
sudo dnf install kmod-wireguard wireguard-tools
```

Create file `/etc/wireguard/wg0.conf` with contents of the client config generated by the script (copy paste from server).

> 

Reviewer: Can also just cp /mv wg0-client-foo.conf to /etc/wireguard/wg0.conf as well.  I recommend cp as you can use the original as a safety or template to hack on for tweaks/troubleshooting.

Run the script again to add or remove clients!

## Configure clients

### RHEL 8

* Install the necessary packages:

```
sudo dnf install https://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/epel-release-latest-8.noarch.rpm https://www.elrepo.org/elrepo-release-8.el8.elrepo.noarch.rpm
sudo dnf install dnf-plugins-core
sudo dnf config-manager --enable elrepo
sudo dnf install kmod-wireguard wireguard-tools
```

> * Create file `/etc/wireguard/wg0.conf` with contents of the client config generated by the script (copy paste from server).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Create file in `/etc/wireguard/` with the name you want the network interface to be with extension of `.conf`. IE: `/etc/wireguard/wg0.conf`, then put in the contents of the client config generated by the script (copy paste from server). Also run `sudo chown -R root. /etc/wireguard ; chmod -R 600 /etc/wireguard` for proper permissions.

To enable the connection run `sudo wg-quick up [Interface name]`, like `sudo wg-quick up wg0` and to disable `wg-quick down [Interface name]`
```
This allows for multiple WireGuard VPN's and user customization. And how they can enable and disable

* Connect: `systemctl start wg-quick@wg0.service`

> * Verify your public IP has changed to the server's IP, e.g.: `curl https://ident.me`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Verify your public IP has changed to the server's IP, e.g.: `curl ipv4.icanhazip.com ; curl ipv6.icanhazip.com`
```
Ident.me is blocked by pihole, so if a pihole dns is used, the command won't work. It does work with the default DNS servers. This solution will show both ipv4 and ipv6 addresses.
